# CornerGrocerAnalyzer

This project was meant to help a grocery store calculate the number of items sold and output the quantity in different formats.
The program takes in an initial file, interprets that file, then creates a backup of the interpreted data.

I believe I handled the Display() very well. To me it is maintainable and updatable for future needs. You can add or take away pieces without much interference to the program. One thing I meant to do, but didn't was add garbage collection. In this program there is no way to clean up memory properly. This progrma also doens't contain good error handling. I should replace some pieces of the code with try-catch statements. If I cleaned up the memory the program wouldn't take up more and more space of RAM which could cause a system to crash. Once I have better error handling the bugs would be easier to diagnose and could prevent different types of crashes that might not be getting handled now. I found that maps were somewhat diffcult at first, but they work similar to a dictionary in other languages. I ended up reading a lot of documenation from cplusplus on how to iterate over dictionaries and access the keys. This project taught me how to structure my programs better and comment more thoroughly. In this repository there are comments on just about every line which make the program readable. Each piece of the program is also small, which allows the pieces to be used in different ways making the program adaptable. Being small pieces also makes the code easier to maintian, because the individual functions can be tweaked with less potential for to impact the rest of the program. Over all the structure of this program is easier to understand and is created in small organized pieces.
